Come to my wife and try my secret seafood noodles
It sure looks good.
Of course, hey.
Uh, Princess Mao Pot is about to marry me after eating
I'll eat it if I praise you
OK
Delicious, delicious, delicious, eat more, um
The owner has a class reunion tomorrow
We found out that after your classmate divorced
Just returned from overseas
May know clues about Shen Tian
OK
Wife, well, it's like this now
I have a class reunion tomorrow.
Then I was thinking
If there is a gentle, virtuous and beautiful
Generous
cocoa
I love such a wife to accompany me
If you go
Then I will have more face in front of my classmates and teachers
Do you think so?
So that I can go with you.
His bowl of noodles is for you to choose.
Okay, then I will accompany you to do more in the future.
Wow, look, Mr. Lin is here
Master Lin, you are so rich now
Long time no see Lin Shao
Look at your outfit, it's really a dragon and phoenix among people, hum
Hey, Mr. Lin
Remember to think about anything good in the future
There we go.
Let's go in and wait for the teacher.
Hello, sir.
Welcome to International Seven Star Muni Hotel
Do you have an appointment?
I am Mr. Lin Donglin
Your box is on the 4th floor.
Did I hear it right?
I heard that this Munich Hotel is the only one in the world
Seven Star Hotel
Who can book a box here?
Assets are over 100 million, don't you know?
I have joined this rice flag
At Huanyu Group
I just came back this year.
Huanyu Group
Lin Shao is really amazing haha
Yo Yo Yo Yo
Guys, look who's here
Isn't this Shen Yan eating dinner?
Why did I hear that you don't deliver express now?
break up
The one next to him is the Ye family relative who takes care of him